feat(check): add check compression count with api tinyPNG (#3)
ekino/EkinoTinyPngSonataMediaBundle: README.md

Client can be used directly to optimize images through tinyPNG API. However, image optimization should not be done 
synchronously as it takes time.

If you know what you are doing, you can use the `ekino.tiny_png_sonata_media.tinify.client` and its `optimize` method:

```php
<?php

$client->optimize($inputPath, $outputPath, $overwrite);
```

> If you check compression count in month, you can use the `ekino.tiny_png_sonata_media.tinify.client` and its `getCompressionCount` method:

Reviewer: to be removed

(`Ekino\TinyPngSonataMediaBundle\Consumer\OptimizeImageConsumer`). This consumer will contact tinyPNG API for 
optimization, replace it on the server and update media size in database.

## Suggest install LiipMonitorBundle

> This bundle include a `TinyPngCheck` class use with `liip/monitor-bundle`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This bundle provides a service using [liip/monitor-bundle][1] to check the count of compressions made this month. 
```

with this at the end of README:
```md
[1]: https://github.com/liip/LiipMonitorBundle
```

> In your project run `binconsole monitor:health ekino_tiny_png_sonata_media.check.tiny_png` check compression count in month.

Reviewer: to be removed
